well howdy today we want to do some beef
shish kebabs I got pretty good recipe
here at we're going to make a marinade
to let them let the or meet soak in for
we need you want it to marinate for at
least two hours in our case we're going
to let it set overnight the first thing
we want to do is make our marinade and
we start with 1 tablespoon salt 1
teaspoon sugar eighth of a teaspoon of
paprika eighth of a teaspoon of black
pepper eighth of a teaspoon of garlic
powder and an eighth of a teaspoon of
onion powder then we mix in two-thirds
cup of the red wine of the burgundy or
you want to some kind of a dry right
wine Burgundy's a good one that's what
this is
stir make sure all the stuff gets
dissolved in there that's it it's a
pretty simple marinade that's basically
all there is to it right there and in
that we we bought a chuck roast you can
also use a sirloin steak you want
something that's lots at least an inch
thick just because we're going to be
cutting this in cubes and you don't want
little bitty slivers of me you want one
a good chunk there but base you know you
can use sirloin or basically any any cut
of meat and we're just going to cut this
into cubes
okay we got all our meat cubed up about
a inch cubes that's kind of the way I la
comes like this going to put them all in
our Ziploc baggie and then put a
marinade on top of it
it's all working their way I like to do
is let all the get all the air out of it
and just let it let it set like that
overnight and are at least two hours
we're going to set it overnight and then
we'll come back in the morning and put
them in our PG 500 and that's some
vegetables to them and grill them well
honey we've had our stuff marinate we
let this marinate overnight you don't
have to let it marinate overnight but at
least two hours and as you're letting it
marinate you need to if you're using the
bamboo skewers like we're using you need
to make sure that they get soaked in
water for at least two hours and easiest
way to good is I just put these in a pan
filled it about a third of the way full
of water and put a paper towel over all
the skewers to make sure that they
stayed underwater so they're good and
wet now or marinades been we've let this
soak for overnight and we're ready to
make some shish kebabs
now I'm a to skewer man and the reason
why i like to use two skewers is when
you put the meat on and all the
vegetables you can turn it real easy and
the meat just don't spend on the on the
stick so the used to and start off with
piece of piece of our meat there
leave you about leaving enough to hang
on to and then just add some vegetables
I've already chopped this the I've got a
red onion some button mushrooms some
zucchini and some bell peppers and I
like the yellow and red and green bell
peppers just because I think they taste
good and they're purdy and it don't hurt
when your dish looks purdy and just make
it it don't matter what order you put
this stuff in just just put it in there
well we got all our fish kebabs
assembled or shish kebabs is my youngest
cousin we both we made both the chicken
and beef we've used the same marinade on
both of them so to make it easy and when
we get when we got them all done you
might you saw that up put a real light
coat of olive oil on brush them with all
around that's just to help them not
stick when we put them on the grill and
one of the neat things about the PG 500
which is what we're going to be using
today there's a direct side and an
indirect side we're going to smoke them
on the indirect side for about two hours
at 225 and then after the two hours
we're going to go back out there and I'm
going to put a nice little char on them
on the direct side and then put them in
the warming drawer we've got a warming
drawer on that PG 500 that'll keep
everything nice and hot until all of its
done so let's go out there cook them on
the PG 500
well we got them done it took about an
hour and a half we cook them that at 225
and what you want to do is bring the
meat temperature up to about all about a
hundred and twenty hundred and thirty
and then finish them off on the high
side that way you get some nice grill
marks on them you can use your warming
tray to keep the ones that you get done
keep them hot while you finish off the
rest of them that's the neat things
about the PG 500 but a little note just
make sure if you use like we used a pot
roast you'll need to do some trimming on
that to trim out the the gristle and
stuff so that you're not you don't have
beef bubblegum but they turned out
really good there's nothing to do but
enjoy them if you have any questions or
like to discuss this recipe or anything
else just feel free to give me a call at
800 4 230 698 or you can drop me an
email at B underscore vice at cook Shack
calm or visit us on the web at WWF I